Update log readme to reflect addition of API (#2800)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/logs/README.md

example in Java world there are several highly popular and widely used logging
libraries, such as Log4j or Logback.

OpenTelemetry defines [events](#events-and-logs) as a type of LogRecord with
specific characteristics. While it may be possible to create events using

> existing logging libraries, its often clunky and error-prone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
existing logging libraries, it is often clunky and error-prone.
```

> existing logging libraries, it is often clunky and error-prone.

Reviewer 2: This seems a bit hyperbolic. Here is my stab at a re-wording:

> OpenTelemetry defines [events](#events-and-logs) as a special type of LogRecord with strongly-typed characteristics (well-known domain, name, and structure). This API may be used by application developers to emit strongly-typed events and logs if it is difficult to do so in the existing logging libraries provided by a platform.

🤷

Reviewer 3: I think it is important to clarify the position here. For example, the position could be:
1. OpenTelemetry has no intention to introduce/invent logging APIs for programming languages/runtimes if they already have well-established logging APIs - whether it is built-in (e.g. https://docs.python.org/3/library/logging.html) or from 3rd-party (e.g. https://logging.apache.org/log4j/2.x/). By default, these APIs should not be used by application developers, unless there is explicit bless from the individual language implementations. Individual language implementation can decide if the logging APIs here can be used in programming languages which do not have established logging API (e.g. OpenTelemetry C++ might be a good candidate based on the research [here](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-cpp/issues/356)), or can be used as a complementary solution if the existing logging APIs cannot do certain thing (and we need to provide concrete examples), or should be discouraged.
2. OpenTelemetry has intention to invent yet-another-logging-API across languages, and we should be prepared to handle questions and problems due to this positioning.

Author: This paragraph shouldn't be read in isolation. It establishes background for the bulleted list of decisions that have been made in the log signal. This specific paragraph serves as the context for the bullet item which reads: "OpenTelemetry defines an API for emitting events. Application developers are encouraged to call this API directly". So in short, we define an event API because existing log libraries don't have standard event APIs which align with our definition.

I agree @CodeBlanch that its a bit hyperbolic, and I've tried to adjust the language accordingly.

@reyang I'm pretty confident that there is consensus in the first position you've mentioned. One of the bullets below says that the API for emitting log Records is to be used by appenders for bridging existing logging libraries, and not to be used by application developers. I've adapted @CodeBlanch's [suggestion](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/pull/2800/files#r988183596) which I think makes this more clear.

  OpenTelemetry log data model. OpenTelemetry Collector can read such logs and
  translate them to OpenTelemetry log data model.

- Existing applications or logging libraries can be modified to emit
  OpenTelemetry LogRecords
  using [Appenders](./api.md#how-to-create-log4j-style-appender). Appenders use
  the API for [emitting LogRecords](./api.md#emit-logrecord) (Note, not to be
  used by application developers) to bridge between common logging libraries and

>   the OpenTelemetry log data model.

Reviewer 2: I think our recommendation to NOT use the logging API by application developers needs more of an explanation. Here is my stab at it:

> - OpenTelemetry defines an API for [emitting LogRecords](./api.md#emit-logrecord). Application developers are NOT encouraged to call this API directly. It is provided for library authors to build [Appenders](./api.md#how-to-create-log4j-style-appender) which use the API to bridge between common logging libraries and the OpenTelemetry log data model. Existing logging libraries generally provide a much richer set of features than when is defined in OpenTelemetry and it is NOT a goal of OpenTelemetry to ship a feature-rich logging library.
 
🤷

Author: I think this reads better. Thanks!

as parsers, log tailing and rotation. It also enables the possibility to send
logs directly to the logging backend without using a log collection agent.

To facilitate both approaches described above OpenTelemetry provides
an [API](./api.md) and [SDK](./sdk.md), which can be used together with existing

> logging libraries, automatically inject the request context in the emitted logs,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
logging libraries, to automatically inject the request context in the emitted logs,
```
